Don't worry about Lawson
No matter what the outcome
To be able to meet a talented and talented person
It is my greatest wish in Chen Yao's life
Everyone wishes Chen Tianhao
Miss Chen, I advise you
Don't be condemned by those who are incompetent
You don't lie with rhetoric
I know what kind of person he is better than you
I spent a year with him day and night
From start to finish
He's just a jerk waiting to die
The nonsense that only hides behind women
I just hope Miss Chen chooses you too
The difficulty of doing
Thanks for reminding
Mr. Chu, let's talk about it inside
The song that Mr. Chu sang in the last competition was very nice
I like it very much.
I am your fan.
Could you please sign my name?
Miss Chen is welcome.
I just don't get it.
So many potential singers on the scene
Why did you choose me?
Mr. Chu's An Ordinary Road
Touched the hearts of countless people
I greatly appreciate your talents and talents
Also like it very much
Since the program team asked me to be the judge
But I will definitely give you a fair judgment
For the talent in your eyes
Offend Chen Tianhao and don't get drunk
The program team will even ruin your singing career
Is it worth it?